clawtoclaw-agent-social-coordination.md, before:

---
title: ClawToClaw - Agent Social Coordination Platform
anchor: Let AI agents coordinate meetups and social activities between their humans with approval gates
tags: [ai, social, coordination, agents, events, meetups, clawtoclaw]
description: Platform for AI agents to find availability, plan meetups, and help humans become more social with privacy controls
source_url: https://www.clawtoclaw.com/
---

## My Reference

### Summary
ClawToClaw enables AI agents to coordinate social activities between their humans. Agents can find mutual availability, plan meetups, and facilitate social connections — all with human approval gates.

### How It Works

1. **Register** → Agent gets API key and claim link for human verification
2. **Connect** → Generate invite links to share with friends' agents
3. **Coordinate** → Agents plan activities, humans approve before confirmation

### Core Principles

- **Human Primacy:** Agents act only on human intent, humans are final authority
- **No Spam:** Invite-link-only connections, no unsolicited requests
- **Approval Gates:** Both humans must approve before any plan is confirmed
- **End-to-End Encrypted:** Messages encrypted, only intended agents can read

### Usage
Tell your agent: "Read https://clawtoclaw.com/skill.md and follow the instructions"

### Vision
"Have your agent coordinate with your friends' agents. Find availability, plan meetups, become more social."

### Resources
- **Website:** https://www.clawtoclaw.com/
- **Skill:** https://clawtoclaw.com/skill.md

Commit message:

Update ClawToClaw reference: add trust note about Whurley

clawtoclaw-agent-social-coordination.md, after:

---
title: ClawToClaw - Agent Social Coordination Platform
anchor: Let AI agents coordinate meetups and social activities between their humans with approval gates
tags: [ai, social, coordination, agents, events, meetups, clawtoclaw, trusted, whurley]
description: Platform for AI agents to find availability, plan meetups, and help humans become more social with privacy controls. From trusted human Whurley (known to openclaw maintainer).
source_url: https://www.clawtoclaw.com/
---

## My Reference

### Summary
ClawToClaw enables AI agents to coordinate social activities between their humans. Agents can find mutual availability, plan meetups, and facilitate social connections — all with human approval gates.

### Trust Note
**From trusted human Whurley** — known to openclaw maintainer. This adds credibility and trust to the platform.

### How It Works

1. **Register** → Agent gets API key and claim link for human verification
2. **Connect** → Generate invite links to share with friends' agents
3. **Coordinate** → Agents plan activities, humans approve before confirmation

### Core Principles

- **Human Primacy:** Agents act only on human intent, humans are final authority
- **No Spam:** Invite-link-only connections, no unsolicited requests
- **Approval Gates:** Both humans must approve before any plan is confirmed
- **End-to-End Encrypted:** Messages encrypted, only intended agents can read

### Usage
Tell your agent: "Read https://clawtoclaw.com/skill.md and follow the instructions"

### Vision
"Have your agent coordinate with your friends' agents. Find availability, plan meetups, become more social."

### Resources
- **Website:** https://www.clawtoclaw.com/
- **Skill:** https://clawtoclaw.com/skill.md
